I have been thinking about the question for some time, sitting in the library all day long. I guess it's the dull routine that makes me bored and confused, maybe I will turn normal after chatting with a friend or watching a movie. But I have also been curious about what our lives could be. I admit that my life lacks diversity, would I not ask the question if I were filled with other pleasures say music, operas, movies, fine arts, anyway, aesthetic things? It seems so. It may just serve distracting your attention. And you can live a normal life continuously without asking such questions. Or if you put much time in it, you can also get greatly satisfied. So this is the function that hobby serves, and similar ones are sports,(swimming, basketball, soccer(you have to admit its charm), parkour, skateboarding), chess, photography, climbing, hiking, expedition, traveling, these are all normal things that everyone may be interested in. I don't want to talk about anything related to modern electronic products like computers or play stations, because they are easily attained. Other things you can do to kill time include diving from high places, run up(登高赛a newly popular game), watching TV series(some TV dramas are really great), watching movies, all sorts of operas, listening to concerts, reading news(economic, political, sports, technology, too many), novels, proses, poetries, (too many pieces of work in the literature field ), writing, having sex(the most primitive and normal  action of a person), eating(the same as sex), drinking, fighting(inspired from Fight Club), drugs(not familiar with it). More serious things that you can't be frivolous to are pursuing love, devoting to your career or contributing to the society. So doing research is fun to me, on spiritual aspects, whatever related to AI, philosophy, psychology, security, math. I can't say which is preferred, as they are different.  